feat(curriculum): New steps and tests for expense tracker (#52570)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-lambda-functions-by-building-a-expense-tracker/657e8090acd31028fc8b8751.md

---
id: 657e8090acd31028fc8b8751
title: Step 7
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

> Now that we have our for loop set up, it's time to add functionality to the `print_expenses` function. In this step, we'll use the print function to display the details of each expense. We will format our output using f-strings, a feature in Python that allows you to embed expressions inside string literals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have our for loop set up, it's time to add functionality to the `print_expenses` function. In this step, we'll use the print function to display the details of each expense. We will format our output using f-strings, a feature in Python that allows you to interpolate expressions inside string literals.
```

> For example, if you have a variable `name = "Alice"` and `age = 30`, you can use an f-string to combine these variables into a message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you have the variables `name = "Alice"` and `age = 30`, you can use an f-string to interpolate the values of these variables in a message:
```

```py
print(f"{name} is {age} years old.")
```
This will output: Alice is 30 years old.

To give a clearer idea of how to apply f-strings for dictionaries, look at the example below. 
Suppose you have a dictionary representing a person's profile:

```py
person_profile = {
    "name": "First Last",
    "age": 28,
}
```

You can use an f-string to print out details from this dictionary like this:
```py
print(f"Name: {person_profile['name']}, Age: {person_profile['age']}")
```

> This will output: Name: John Doe, Age: 28.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will output: `Name: John Doe, Age: 28`.
```

Now, inside the for loop in the `print_expenses` function, add a print statement that uses an f-string to display each expense's amount and category. Format the output like this: 

> Amount: 10.0, Category: Transport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Amount: 10.0, Category: Transport`
```
